feat!: Upgrade Prometheus to v3.12.0 (GA) and OpenTelemetry Collector to v0.153.0 (#6597)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.processor.k8sattributes.md

When `otel_annotations` is set to `true`, annotations such as `resource.opentelemetry.io/exampleResource` will be translated to the `exampleResource` resource attribute, etc.

When `deployment_name_from_replicaset` is set to `true`, the processor extracts the deployment name from the ReplicaSet name by trimming the Pod template hash. This disables watching for ReplicaSet resources, which can be useful in environments with limited RBAC permissions as the processor doesn't need `get`, `watch`, and `list` permissions for ReplicaSets.

> The Alloy default remains `false`, which differs from the upstream default of `true` since v0.153.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} default remains `false`, which differs from the upstream default of `true` since v0.153.
```
